My 3-Step Claude Skill for Perfect UX Design - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDHXLnwlIaY

Transcript:
(00:00) If you're tired of getting boring vanilla UIs like this from your AI workflows and instead want something that looks and feels super professional and is actually surprisingly straightforward to make, well then do I have good news for you. Because all you need to do is stop skipping one critical piece of the planning process, which is exactly what most builders do.
(00:25)  They jump straight into the AI coding piece, but every minute saved by not planning ends up being 10 minutes down the line of extra work that needs to be done to help make something like this not look like crap. And so skipping this stage is why these apps tend to look super generic and put people to sleep.
(00:47)  So I built a clawed skill to help fix this, and I'm going to give you access to it. But first, let's build the first piece of the puzzle. So, step number one is creating the PRD. And this is the thing that most people do. Do do get it? So, this is where we define the features, talk about how they're really meant to be used.
(01:07)  So, this is where we define the features, talk about how they're really meant to be used, who the target users are, what the general flow kind of should be, what is the success criteria. How do we know that we built a thing that's actually doing what it is meant to do? And the thing is from here, you typically can actually build something that technically works.
(01:26)  And so this is what most people do. They're going to take something like this. They're just going to throw it into clawed planning mode and say, "Hey, go build this thing." And if they're feeling super spicy, they might work something in here that says like, "And hey, give me a few pointers about the UX while you're doing it.
(01:43) " So, in order to actually create this PRD, we can use a really basic command. I have one here. It'll be below the video. But basically, all we need in order for this thing to actually work is just some sort of documentation about what our MVP is. So, in this case, I'm giving a concept for what this app is. So, I'm actually adding in a pretty big new feature to an existing app, and it's basically a kind of N8N like interface.
(02:09)  So, it's going to be a drag and drop builder with nodes that you can connect into things, have branching logic, all of that type of stuff, but there's a few unique things that is going to be inside of it. And so, I'm just prompting like what is the core concept really here of what we are building and then what are the main flows or steps or features that I'm thinking about in this thing.
(02:30)  And so, this is where you can come in and just dump out what you're thinking of for this app. Now once we have this, I put it in a markdown file inside of the project. This one is called MVP.markdown. And then all we're going to do is we are going to go into cloud code and we're going to run this custom slash command.
(02:49)  So we're going to say demo prd and then we are just going to give it the context of this specific file. So we could copy the path is one way to do it. And then we're just going to say go. And from here it's going to generate for us this PRD that we just looked at. So this is great because again it is our starting point. We need to have some tangible definition of like what is the thing actually that we are going to build in detail right some degree of detail.
(03:19)  But if we were to really like think about this there's actually a ton of ambiguity in terms of how we would actually do this. And that ambiguity is how we end up with something like this. Because while it is functional, we're saying, "Hey, we have these nodes. These nodes connect together and they pass data in this way, that's not really enough to build out a user experience that feels really good because any given problem, if you were to really think about it, has dozens, if not hundreds or thousands of different potential ways to solve that problem. As
(03:54) an example, if you were to think of a tool like chatbt or claude, they didn't need to make it a chat interface, right? They didn't need it to be an interface where you could come in and send messages through and get messages back. They could have made it so that you fill out a form and they email you back with what the LLM said, but that would probably be a user experience, right? And so, this is what we're trying to do.
(04:20)  We're trying to think through how do we actually want someone to experience this thing in detail. So if that's the case, well then our next step becomes defining that experience. And this is the step that most people skip. So, when I first started thinking about like how to code well and build stuff with AI, as someone that had coded a fair amount before, but was not a trained software engineer, what my mind immediately went to was, well, how does a world-class product organization actually build stuff? And can I just try to mimic that process? So, if I were to
(04:55) interview the top 10 engineering leads from the best companies in the world or the top 10 product design leads from the best companies in the world and I said, "Hey, teach me every single step about what goes into building a great product, what would they actually answer and can I codify that and put it into a process?" Or if I asked them, "How would you build the worst product in the world?" Then maybe just do the opposite of whatever that was.
(05:21)  And so, as it turns out with product design, there's actually some pretty standard stuff that everyone would pretty much agree you need to consider that thing and work it into your plan before you start building out actual features. And so, I've built some of these things into a claude skill, which you can get below the video.
(05:40)  So, let's talk about what some of these things actually are. The first pass is mental model alignment. What does the user think is happening or think should be happening as they approach this feature? This is why it's important to actually research your ideal user and try to put yourself in their shoes with respect to the problem your app solves.
(06:03)  What do they actually think should happen as they load up your app and try to solve that problem? Second pass, information architecture. what actually exists inside of the app and how is it all organized? So, what are all of the different pieces of information or context or concepts that someone is going to actually encounter inside of this app? And how are you going to choose to actually show them that information? Affordance and action.
(06:34) This is something that I think a lot of people skip over. How are you going to make the actions people can actually take clear to them? What actually looks clickable? What looks editable? What looks like it should generate you an output? What looks like something that a person should be aware of that this thing is actually going on as they interact with your app.
(06:57)  So, we go through all of these types of questions in stages thinking through like they kind of build upon each other, right? Because how someone chooses to think about how the app should work to solve their problem is going to inform how we choose to present them information, which is going to inform how we choose to show them what information they can actually take action on, which then informs each subsequent stage down to how the system talks back to them.
(07:25)  How does it interact depending on if the screen is empty, if it's loading, if there's a bunch of data in there, if there's incomplete data, if there's an error. We need to think through all of these things ahead of time because if we don't, the language model is going to make those decisions at game time and they love to cut corners.
(07:44)  So what's going to end up happening is that they just don't do it at all. So again, what we can do here is we can just manually invoke this skill and it looks like this. So in this case, again, we're manually invoking it, which technically you should configure it. So, this could be automated, but for demo purposes, I'm going to manually call it.
(08:02)  Use this PRD skill to translate that PRD that we made into our actual UX. And when we hit enter on this thing, it's going to run through. It's going to process it and out the other side, we're going to get an actual UX specification. So, this is following that structure that we just showed in our skill.
(08:21)  So, we're thinking about the actual mental model that a user has as they approach this thing and how this needs to be reinforced through our actual UX decisions. We start thinking about the actual information architecture. What are all of the things like the actual elements and concepts that a user is going to encounter in this app? And so, again, this is all based on our PRD which was based on that MVP.
(08:46)  So, we're going to have concepts like canvases, nodes, triggers, actions, connections between them. We're going to have a sidebar. We're going to have all of these other things that are specific to this app. And this is important to know because then we have to think through, well, how are we going to display this all to them in a cohesive way? And so, again, we're going through and we're grouping all of this together and talking about like, well, what shows where.
(09:11)  So for example, if we are in the the node sidebar, which the node is one of our concepts, what are all of the different subconcepts and how are we going to choose to progressively show these things to people? And so we just repeat this process now for all of our UX decisions. So like we talked about earlier, needs to be really clear, like there need to be clear visual signals about what someone can actually do.
(09:33)  So to take a really basic example of that, if we're going to tell people they can pick something out of the UI, we need to like indicate to them that that's actually something they can do. They're not just going to know that that's something that can happen. We need to be specific about making that clear to them.
(09:50)  So again, this process repeats and repeats and repeats for all of the major features that we had inside of our PRD. But the problem now becomes this. If we were to simply take something like this or take our PRD and this and send it into a tool like Google Stitch or Replet Designer or one of those tools, they're actually pretty bad at handling this much context at the same time.
(10:14)  And so we need now a system that can translate what we have just built into something that's going to work for those tools. So again we have another skill here you can run and this is the last skill in this sequence where effectively what we are doing is taking all of these features and the UX details and turning it into an actual build order.
(10:36)  So if we wanted to actually properly capture all of those details and build through in stages, what would that actually need to look like? what would that sequence of events and what would basically the prompts be that we're going to paste into these tools. And so that is what this skill does. And after we run it through, we get out this build order document.
(10:59)  Okay, so we have this big document that is specifying the entire build sequence from the creation of the design tokens through to the layout and then all of the details in between. Now again, all of these skills will be below the video. If you have a specific tool that you want to build with, I would recommend coming in and trying to tailor it to that platform's best practices.
(11:21) So, for example, with a tool like Google Stitch, you need to either be very vague or incredibly [snorts] specific. And so, you might want to come in here if you want to use this with Stitch and have Claude Code update this skill so that it's specific for your use case. The version I have here is adequate to work across all of the different tools, but obviously as specific as we can get with the tools we're working with, it can become more and more polished and better to use.
(11:50)  So, all we're going to do now is we are going to go prompt by prompt and just paste each of these into the tool one by one. So, I'm going to start at the top and then make my way down. So, there's a lot of tools you can use to mock this type of stuff up. You have Google Stitch, which I ran it through. You can use a tool like Replet's designer mode.
(12:11) There's there's tons of different tools that you can use for this stuff. I am going to be using a tool called Polyat. And the reason I'm using this tool is that I I honestly think, especially if you want like a functional prototype, I think it's one of the best tools out there. I do not get paid from these guys. I do not have an affiliate link.
(12:31) it. It's just a really good tool and I really like it which is why this is what I use. But again, you can use any tool that you think works well for your workflows and you have a good system of working with. So again, we [snorts] are going to come through here. I'm actually going to start with the prompt layout shell. Okay.
(12:49)  So what we're going to do is we're just going to make the base kind of navigational feel and layout structure of this thing. So I'm going to copy that prompt. I'm going to come in here and all I'm going to do is paste it in. So I am going to just use one of their public design systems they have. So like button colors and things like that are already going to be there.
(13:05)  I have this pasted in and all I'm going to do is hit go and then I will pause and we will look at what the first output is. All right guys, so what we got out the other side is again a really basic starting point. Okay, so we have our main canvas here, just the layout. Most of this functionality probably doesn't work cuz I haven't told it what I want yet.
(13:23)  We have like basic configuration stuff on here, but we haven't even prompted what our UX is for that yet. So really basic builder. What I'm going to do now is I'm just going to go through and all I'm going to do is copy each of these prompts one by one and paste them in to this system. So we're going to go one by one. Going to paste them all in.
(13:43) And then I will unpause once this process is done. Nothing secret happening off the screen. It's just this is probably going to take about 20 minutes and so not worth us sitting here all just staring at that process. So I'm going to go through I'm going to start pasting all these in and then we will look at the final product.
(14:01)  So there we go. Process is done. And I got to say I think it looks really professional. Again remember this is going to be one view inside of a larger application that I have. But we have now all of these triggers, we have the actions, we have some conditional like logic and control. And we have even some different data sources that we can configure.
(14:24)  All really nicely organized and grouped together. I can drag different items onto the canvas. I can I think draggy I can drag around which is pretty cool. I can zoom in, zoom out. All really nice. If I was to pop into one of these, again, we have some really nice formatting. It all feels super cohesive. If I was to look into one of these nodes, we can kind of pick our models out.
(14:51)  Um, we can see some of these like signals, right, of what the user can do in the app. So, if I were to come through here now, I could type in these double brackets and boom, I get this nice dropdown where I could select something out of my knowledge base. Inserts it in there nicely. What else do we have in here? We can come through. We have this little assistant at the bottom which we can pop out and probably chat with which is pretty cool.
(15:14)  If we hit run workflow, we get this really nice like kind of loading animation showing that like information is passing between the nodes. So all in all, like it it feels really nice. And again, if we were to pop in and actually look at some of these nodes, it just everything feels like it's in a spot where it's meant to be and that there's a reason why it's there.
(15:38)  I can come in, I can add conditions, I can map fields from other places in the UI. If I were to come in and say I want to add in like I don't know a YouTube video as a data source. See where that went? If I was to click on this now, we see the YouTube name pops out. Uh we can give the video. We can say what we want to do.
(15:56)  We want to extract comments. We want to attract transcript. Do we want to include timestamps? Again, all like really, really nice, right? There's like a lot of detail in this. And again, that's because we planned it out first. We planned out all of this detail ahead of time, which meant when we went to the building process, we had a ton of specificity about what we wanted and we didn't have vagueness.
(16:24)  And when you have vagueness, this is the type of thing that you get. And for most people, this is what their experience building with AI actually looks like and feels like. They have a cool concept, but then they get out something like this that just like kind of feels vanilla, right? It kind of feels vanilla.
(16:42)  It's like it's cool. I could show it to my friends. I'd probably use it and it's functional, but it doesn't have the same pizzazz as something that we went through and thought about every little detail that was going to be in our build. And so, just to show you that I wasn't pulling any funny business by making this intentionally poor, what we did was we created a PRD.
(17:08)  We actually took the same exact PRD that we had from the other project. We pasted it in in planning mode inside of Claude with a basic vanilla Nex.js application with Tailwind and we told it we wanted to clone the aesthetic of Claude. And then we gave it again all of those same that literally identical PRD and said, "Hey, I need you to go build this thing, right? I need you to go build this thing and build it with mock data.
(17:35) " So I don't need you to build any of the backend functionality. Just build this thing with mock data. And so now you can see what the difference is between those types of approaches. So if you liked this process, I will link a video right here, which is where we actually plan out apps like this in extreme detail if you're serious about wanting to build cool stuff that actually works with AI workflows.
(18:00)  You can adapt a lot of the stuff that we just did in this video to that process. Check that one out if you are interested. But that is it for this video. I will see you in the next

Stealing $10K Website Designs with Claude Code - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaO6ujcx6TY

Transcript:
(00:00) If you've been trying to build websites with top tier AI tools like Claude Code or anti-gravity, chances are they're still coming out looking like this. Templated, clearly AI, and lacking any sort of premium unique feel. And no matter what prompt or skill you invoke, you still get stuck in this AI slop trap.
(00:26)  But here's the thing, the prompt isn't the problem. The real problem is we aren't giving it context in the right manner. So to solve that problem, I'm going to give you my four-step framework for creating high-end premium quality websites using tools like Claude Code every single time. This requires zero design skill, zero technical experience, and we're going to knock it out in under 30 minutes.
(00:52)  So let's strap in and get started. So, what is the secret for creating these premium animated web pages using AI? How do we get these super cool motion graphics? How do we do the glass morphism? How do we ultimately create something that looks like it was actually generated by a web developer instead of Claude? Well, the secret isn't a prompt.
(01:11)  The secret is simply a four-step process. And that four-step process is really simple. Step one is inspiration. We need to go out there and we need to find web pages we actually like. and essentially copy them. Step two is going to be build, right? We're going to take our inspiration, we're going to bring it to Claude Code and we're going to have it actually start generating some assets for us.
(01:31)  Step three is refine. That's where we're going to take the template we've built and we're going to give it our voice, our brand, our messaging, and we're going to get detailed in terms of how it actually looks with all the little bells and whistles. That's where we're going to use things like 21st.
(01:45) dev to actually customize the components that we're going to use. And step four is deployment. How do we actually get this thing out on the internet so people can use it? And that's the framework we're going to cover. Inspiration, build, refine, deploy. And by following these four steps, you can essentially create any website you like.
(02:03)  So step number one is inspiration. This is where we're going to go out into the wild and find a premium website whose style, whose vibe we essentially want to emulate. And we're going to do two things once we do that. One, we're going to take a bunch of screenshots. and two, we're going to grab his HTML code and we're going to take all that and we're going to bring it to our agent coder of choice.
(02:22)  Now, you may already know what website you kind of want to copy, but if you don't, here's three great resources to find things. The first one is Dribble, and that's where we're at right now. It essentially just has a whole bunch of web design stuff that you can search through up top. Right now, we're looking at landing page SAS.
(02:39)  So, if I find one I like, I can click on it. I can kind of see all the assets, right? It's great. Another one is godly.ebsite. And again, I'll have links to all these inside of the school, the free one, links in the comment, and it's just an infinite scrolling page where again we can look at websites. I can just click on it.
(02:56)  I can visit the website, right? Easy enough. Number three is awards.com with three W's. Again, another cool place to kind of see what people on sort of the bleeding edge of web design are doing. Now, for today's video, I essentially want to create something that looks like this, which is openands.dev. I think their website's really cool.
(03:14) They got an interesting color palette. The background's really neat with like the scrolling code almost that reacts to your mouse. Overall, I like the design. And we're essentially going to be creating a web page for our SAS product, right? So, what do we need to do? Like I said, two things.
(03:30)  One, I'm going to take a bunch of screenshots of the landing page. And then two, I'm going to grab all the HTML code. Now, how do we do that? Super easy. Either hit F12 or rightclick and hit inspect. And then we have all this scary stuff over here on the right side. What you want to go to is elements up top. We want to go to styles right here.
(03:51)  And then I'm just going to copy this entire thing. And I'm ready to go. That's pretty much it for step one in terms of inspiration. This is our idea, our version of grabbing context. So when we show up to Claude Code or anti-gravity or whatever, I'm not just saying, "Oh, I want a cool website that's sleek and modern and minimal.
(04:11) " and try to articulate it with words. No, we're using words plus picture plus code, which turns out is way easier for the AI to actually act upon. So now it's time for step two, which is the build phase. And I'm inside a cloud code. And again, it doesn't have to be cloud code. It can be any agent coding agent. And the prompt I gave it is pretty simple.
(04:29)  I said, I want to create a React/vite project and copy this web page. The following are screenshots of the page as well as the HTML code. I want a pixel perfect replication. Here's the URL. Gave it the URL, gave it the screenshots, and then pasted the HTML code. Now, we're just going to let it go to work.
(04:48)  So, as this is building, let's talk about the next steps. Because while I'm creating a clone right now, obviously, I don't want to be open hands. The idea is we are going to get a template that we've built that is as close to this as humanly possible. And once we have something that is essentially a 99% solution, then we're going to add our own messaging, assets, colors, whatever.
(05:11)  The idea is we just want to get that base as close as possible first because it's much easier to have something that looks good like this and then tweak it than to start with nothing and try to prompt our way into this, right? How do you actually articulate all these things? It's actually kind of difficult. But again, with all this context that we fed it, the screenshots, the code, and the website itself, it's going to be able to do a pretty good job.
(05:33)  So, Cloud Code just finished creating the copy of the web page, if it doesn't give you a local host to look at. Tell it to create a dev server so you can take a look. It's going to give you a link. Just follow that and it will open up your browser. So, on the left, we have the version Claude came up with.
(05:48)  And on the right, we have the original. So, right away, the colors look pretty similar, but we notice there's a few things that are off. like we don't have this really cool background that we got from the original open hands that we can see on the right. You know, you can obviously it has motion to it and it changes based on our cursor position.
(06:04)  Also stuff that are different are kind of the buttons for the trusted by engineers. Ours is ours is scrolling. Theirs is just static but other than that it's essentially I would say as we go through this essentially like an 80% solution. We can also see that some of the assets are different. Like we used more generic ones on this portion and they had probably their own custom assets over here on the right.
(06:27) But overall, right, pretty close. Like I would honestly be okay with this because from here I can start making changes I want to make to the background for example because I don't want to copy their background exact exactly. I'm going to want to put my own flare to it. Same thing with the buttons I'm going to want to adjust.
(06:45)  I just wanted it in terms of the general form and the colors and the templated style, right? This is good enough for me to work off of. And again, how long would it have taken to essentially recreate this if we were just doing prompt after prompt after prompt? We basically oneshot this, which is great.
(07:00)  Now, if there are significant differences that you want changed right away, go ahead and do that. Alls you would do is you would take screenshots of the main page or you can just prompt it using words and say, "Hey, can we change the buttons? Hey, can we mess with the background right now?" Right? It's that simple.
(07:16)  Just get it to a place through prompting until you're ready to start adding your own messaging to it. And so now we can move on to step three, which is the refining stage. And this is where we're going to spend most of our time. Now, the first thing I like to do really is to start adding my own messaging.
(07:31)  So, what I'm going to do is I just open up voice on cloud and I'm just going to give it a stream of conscious explaining essentially what my SAS product is, what the general theme is, the general messaging, and then I'm going to tell it apply this to the web page we just created, right? Change their verbiage into mine, but keep the template the same.
(07:48)  And so, that's exactly what you see right here in this wallet text. Essentially what I said was for our product that we want to create the landing page for. It's for a SAS product that we're going to call Argus and it's a essentially intelligence agent for content creators. What it does is it scrapes the web, scrapes Twitter, YouTube, Instagram to find trending topics in their niche and then come up with scripts in their voice based on that trending information.
(08:14)  Right? So it's a tool for content creators. It's a SAS product. And so that's all I said to it. I was like, "Hey, I want to replace the messaging." And then I said, "What questions do you have for me to be able to input this?" And we'll see what it comes back with. And what I expect is it should have some questions, for example, when it comes to right this, right? This is a code output thing over here on the left.
(08:34)  And we'll just full screen this, right? Probably doesn't fit for our particular SAS product, right? Obviously, it's going to need to change some of these things like why people choose Argus instead of open hands. Same thing with this, right? We're now tailoring it to our product, right? So, first it's asking about colors. We will stick with the current one for now and we'll change that later.
(08:55)  What is our target audience? We're going to do all content creators. What's the primary call to action? We want them to start a free trial. Brand tone, we're going to go for bold and energetic. And then we're going to submit that. So, Claude told us it changed the messaging. And if we look at our page now, you can see it's totally different, right? It says Argus instead of open hands.
(09:13)  It changed the hero text. Right? Now, it says start free trial. We don't have companies. Now we have platforms and everything's related to our content creation tool. Yet at the same time we've maintained the same design template which is what we want. And so now moving forward our job is to continue to iterate and refine this till we get it to a place that we're happy and we can go as deep with this as we want to.
(09:38)  And so this is where I now want to show you how to use these websites like 21st.dev dev to actually start adding really cool stuff that otherwise would be kind of difficult to prompt your way into. And to start, let's do something about this really boring background. And this is where we can start using really cool tools like 21st.dev or code pen.
(09:58)  These are essentially repositories with a bunch of different components for web design. So, for example, we talked about backgrounds. I can go to the section over here on the left on 21st. and see a bunch of different cool backgrounds that we can easily implement into our project. For example, these background paths.
(10:18)  These should look familiar to you from earlier, right? I can essentially just click this button where it says copy prompt, bring that prompt to claude code, and it's going to implement this for me. And it's also really customizable once it's inside there because it's just code, right? I can change how fast these move. I can change the opacity, the color, anything I want.
(10:35) And that doesn't apply to just backgrounds. That applies to all sorts of UI components. So things like buttons, right? Things like carousels, right? Or things like cards. So anything that you can mess around inside of your web page, there's probably something on 21st. Or CodePen, which works in a similar fashion that you can take a look at.
(10:54)  And if you're not someone, if you're someone who doesn't come from a web design background like me, this is huge because you kind of just don't know what you don't know, but once you see it, you know it, right? Right? And this makes it really easy to implement instead of being like, uh, Claude, do something where like these things look like this and there's highlights, right? That's going to be a tough cell for Claude code to actually get you an output you want.
(11:16) So, let's go back to backgrounds because that's what we talked about. So, like we saw in the intro, let's check out the background paths one. Now, obviously, this is in sort of like a dark mode, but let's try to implement this for our current web page with sort of that current color scheme we got. So, I'm just going to copy prompt.
(11:32)  And I just said, can we implement this as our background with a color scheme that makes sense? And I pasted it in there. And again, what am I pasting in there? What came from that copy prompt? Well, it's just a bunch of code, right? That's all it is. So, we can see here it added that component from 21st.dev pretty easily.
(11:49)  And now I can just continue to adjust it as I like. As we can see, it's only in the hero. But let's say I wanted that going across the entire background, no matter how far I scrolled. Let's say I also wanted to kind of give these cards like a glass morphism effect so I could see the lines going through the back. Well, let's try that out.
(12:03)  So, I gave it a prompt to do exactly that and it knocked it out of the park, right? We see that animation in the background going through the entire page. Now, right away, I'm starting to realize I hate this section. I hate how it looks. I want to change this. And also, I don't like how these cards look either.
(12:18)  I feel like we could definitely give it some more pop, whatever that means. And this essentially becomes your workflow, right? Make a change, see how it works. go back into 21st.dev, see if there's anything that speaks to you, bring it to the AI, repeat, repeat, repeat, iterate, iterate, iterate. That's pretty much it.
(12:34) And what you get to the end of that iteration cycle is this, right? You can see sort of the bones of that openands.dev webpage we originally cloned, but you can also see a bunch of different 21st. Components that we added to the mix, right? There's our lines in the background, but we kind of toned down the opacity we first saw, and we added a little bit of color.
(12:56)  We changed what the cards looked like and we got rid of sort of the double feature we had before. Right? We added some weight to the buttons and even has a little bit of a pop and sort of that shine. Right? This is the process by which you create highquality web pages with AI which then brings us onto our fourth and final step which is deployment.
(13:16)  How do I actually get this thing out there on the web? And deployment is a two-step process. First, we're going to create a GitHub repo which is where we're going to push our code. Don't worry, AI can do that for you. And secondly, we're going to create a Verscell account. Verscell will be connected to GitHub.
(13:29)  We'll sign up with our GitHub account. And from there, we connect our GitHub project and it will automatically push it to the internet. It's going to give us a URL and everything so people can actually visit it. So, to use GitHub, very simple and very free. We're just going to go to github.com and create a new repository. Go ahead and give it a name.
(13:47)  Doesn't really matter. And then you're going to go to create repository. You're then just going to copy the URL of your repository. Should be something like github.com/your username/the project name. You're then going to hop back into cloud code and just say, "Hey, push this code to this repo and paste the URL.
(14:02) " Now, if you've never connected your GitHub credentials to Cloud Code before or your whatever Genta coder you're using, that's okay. It will walk you through the process of how to do that. It takes like 30 seconds. As that's happening, I want you to go to versell.com, create an account, and sign up using your GitHub credentials.
(14:18)  Then going to head to the project section. Go to add new project and then you should have the git repository populate right here. Right, you see YouTube demo. I'm just going to hit import and it's going to import the project for me. You'll get to this page and you're just going to hit deploy and then the deployment will begin.
(14:36)  If you run into any errors for whatever reason, just copy paste the errors it gives you back into AI and it will fix it for you. No problem. Once it's successful, you'll see a page like this and it will give you a domain. If you have your own custom domain, you can add that very simply as well.
(14:52)  You just follow the domain and it will take you to your web page. That's how easy deployment is. So, that's where I'm going to leave you guys for today. Hopefully, this video was able to illuminate the four-step process for creating premium looking websites with AI. And remember, first step, inspiration.
(15:08)  Go out there, find a web page you like, and take screenshots and grab the code. Step two, we head to our coder of choice and tell it to essentially replicate that web page we found. And then we move on to really the meat and potatoes, which is step three, where we refine, refine, refine, we add our messaging, we add our custom components, and we get it looking exactly how we want it to.
(15:29)  And lastly, we head to GitHub and Verscell to deploy this thing. So, as always, let me know what you thought in the comments. Make sure to check out the school communities down there in the pinned comment. The free one has tons of free resources. The paid one is for those of you who are a little more serious and are looking to essentially make money with AI, whatever that looks like for you.
(15:48)  And as always, I'll see you guys

https://github.com/travisvn/awesome-claude-skills
